I would businesses I almost got a ticket
just now for almost a ticket for texting
texting while driving usually I get
pulled up for usually I get pulled over
for dwb but uh yeah this time I was
guilty I was uh I was texting uh je z
where z Jez or jive on a skype money uh
one of them dukes oh yeah that boy job
is a fool Jay Jay what up dawg that's my
homie too um well no I think they I
think they only like me cuz uh you know
I'm the I'm the sexiest do doing this
right now no homo de yes I anybody
anybody seen me for all I know if I i
know i could be this fat obese white
dude but uh a lot of people ask me what
i look like to but you will never know
nice i'll show you all right look I'll
make a deal i'll show you what i look
like today I get on respawn because this
is just I cannot may I really don't even
know what to say about getting a respawn
right now cuz it's like I keep what
seeing all these new directors on there
and it's just like it pisses me off cuz
I'm like you know I ain't gonna say no
names are nothing but i'd be like do how
are you all in here and i can't
understand how I mean I'm not saying I'm
like the greatest person doing this but
at least think I give you know somewhat
entertaining content you know I put up
some good gameplay and I don't know like
I think I'm good enough to be on there
so whoa do I not I really do not know
you could block energy stores on here
but I guess that's kind of good you know
stop people like me from running around
with a mall game but it ain't gonna stop
me this match I get like I go like 20
and 0 for a minute
and then one of my teammates well you'll
see what happens number so um it as much
I'm using mostly oh you just got so
lucky that that elevator couldn't would
have at a more perfect time for you bro
well you not paying attention so you are
effed but anyways on oh fuck was I
talking about I'm in a hurry i'm trying
to hurry up cuz I gotta go run some
errands uh uh uh uh yeah I feel it
coming people don't be looking at the
radars on here y'all gotta watch look at
your radars Mac you got this unlimited
amount of UAV basically and people do
not be paying attention to it like there
is no way I should have been able to go
2020 all this mess because i was using
the energy sword mainly and these dudes
like this do he has no idea what fuck
about to happen to him right now you
bought to get ass fisted well as poked
but no I'm I swear I'm not gay i know
sometimes i just had some weird stuff
but I'm not nothing against gay people I
love y'all even though that would
technically make me gay also but
nevermind nevermind I'm not trying to
piss somebody off again so um yeah
lately haha another one blocked it again
but lately I ain't even this this game
players from like two weeks ago I have
not I ain't play halo in like a week and
a half or two may I'm probably say two
weeks so i got my ps3 last week who
knows big up to other people who added
me like last video when i said i got the
ps3 people my messages were going crazy
I not stop with the friend of ice so I
know I'm sorry if my friends list is
full right now for the people that I
couldn't get on there I probably should
have went about a different way but you
know what I was just my own fault for
being you know I don't know I've never
done this I didn't think you know 100
plus people would even want to play a
game with me
I want to hear my voice over some
gameplay but yeah I ended up filling up
pretty quick so you know how I probably
just about that and I apologize to these
dudes because I've just beating the shit
out of him right now and I Oh triple
slice slice and dice whatever they call
it a lot of little names they get on
here for their streaks but anyways I
don't know how often I'm gonna be
playing this game because it's up the
other day I fell asleep playing this
game which I don't even know was
possible for me to do because I really
like playing video games or whatever but
yeah I fell asleep playing this game so
that is not a bad game is this is so
slow pace like look at this is this so
slow pace if you used to call a duty
then you use the fast pace you use the
stuff blowing up everywhere shit flying
around in the air is this hard to get
used to this coming from call of duty
and that's just like I don't know I've
been kind of bored playing this like I
really don't know how much gameplay oh I
don't know if you guys still want to see
this I guess I could play it cuz you
know I'm a man for people or at least I
know pretend to be look at this what oh
come on you are so lucky f F that one up
so um anyways um I was all talking about
I still got about two minutes left but
uh yeah I am going to let you guys tell
me if you want to see halo reach still
because honestly it was is the main
reason I got it was one because modern
warfare 2 was pissing me off but like I
kind of got to the point where I know
what to expect from other words fair to
another type of dumb shit is what
happened with the new tools and people
cafe so I kind of came up with my own
strategies to work around that stuff I
leave this he has no idea
I'm coming but he got away anyways so
I'm not did he where is he retard you're
so dumb you are really dumb you are so
dumb why would you come downstairs
else's I don't know well anyways uh yeah
I'm a plant ps3 callofduty call of duty
the last couple of days you know when
i'm not at school as far as i can tell
it's not really a huge difference it's
just as soon the only thing is I've
noticed different between the two are
that I've see there's a lot more people
that can't wait snipers look at that do
I scare him so bad I just made him blow
itself up rwanda if you want to but he
didn't die from me shooting he died
because he was so scared that he was in
a metric me and he just blew itself up
he's like fuck that look at this look at
this ha ha I don't know what that was
look at this man they got so lucky I
think he just ended my rampage right
there or whatever but actually does the
last kill I get autumn s what we in
shitting on my so yeah just watch this
last part where I just got taking my cue
on my team just pissed me off I'm about
to shake them
do see he got to kill for it not me all
right i'll holla at y'all later peace